				What is a Socket? 
It is a communication of two nodes over the internet network or you can say 
communication between two processes.

Out of which one node on n/w which is listening on a particular port and having
ip address is called as Server while other will send connection request is 
called the client.

				*Important Note*
Each Processes should create their own socket for communication.

Two Processes can communicate with each other only when their socket have same
address domain as well as socket type.

				Address Domains
	a. Unix Domain
1. Two Processes sharing common file system will communicate.

2. Here address of Sockets is a character string which entry in file system.
	
	b. Internet Domain
1. Two Processes run on different host machine communicate over internet.

2. Here address of socket is internet address of host machine

Note: Each computer on internet have address of 32bit called IP address.
	
				Socket Types
	a. Stream Socket
1. It uses TCP Protocol
2. Communicates as continuous stream of characters.

	b. Datagram Socket
1. It uses UDP Protocol.
2. Entire message is read at once.

				Communication Protocol
1. UDP (USer Datagram Protocol)(AF_INET/SOCK_DGRAM)
	a. Send & Receive messages up to 8KB
	b. Unreliable: messages may be lost or reordered
	c. Connectionless

2. TCP (Transmission COntrol Protocol)(AF_INET/SOCK_STREAM)
	a. Send/Receive byte streams of arbitrary length (like a pipe)
	b. All Bytes delivered are correct and delivered in order
	c. Masks transient packet loss
	d. Connection setup/maintenance: other end is notified if one end
closes or resets the connection, or if the connection breaks.

				Servers - Client N/w Methods
Servers and Clients are different socket network applications and so have 
different behaviours.

But they have general model for creating a streaming TCP/IP Server and Client.

Server Network (N/w) Methods
	1. Initialize WSA (only for Windows)
	2. Create a socket
	3. Bind a socket
	4. Listen on the socket
	5. Accept a connection
	6. Send and Receive data.
	7. Disconnect

Client n/w Methods
	1. Initialize WSA (Only for Windows)
	2. Create a socket
	3. Connect to the server
	4. send and receive data
	5. Disconnect
	
