				TCP/IP Architecture
	OSI Model (Open System Interconnect) (Network Reference Model)
It Gives overview of entire network system.

It will present you with simplified essential commponents and describes
how these components interact with each other through common network framework.

OSI Model also simplifies problem of n/w technician to easily troubleshoot 
their problem referring it.

	It consist of 7 Layers 
		1. Application
			A. End User Layer 
			B. HTTP,FTP, IRC, SSH, DNS
		2. Presentation
			A. Syntax Layer
			B. SSL, SSH, IMAP, FTP, MPEG, JPEG
		3. Session
			A. Synch & Send to port
			B. API's, Sockets, WinSock
		4. Transport
			A. End-to-end Connections
			B. TCP, UDP
		5. Network
			A. Packets
			B. IP, ICMP, IPSec, IGMP
		6. Data Link	
			A. Frames
			B. Ethernet. PPP, Switch, Bridge
		7. Physical
			A. Physical Structure
			B. Coax, Fiber, Wireless, Hubs, Repeaters 

	1. Application Layer
It provides user interface; email application

	2. Presentation Layer
All Data coversion required for application takes place here.

It formats the data, compress/decompress, encrypt/decrypt the data

Here data encryption character set conversion occurs; jpeg, png etc

	3. Session Layer
It opens, control, close sessions with remote host.

Virtual connection established; transport connectionless without n/w communication
	
		** Examples of Session Layer
	* Email Application where files need to be transferred to remote host.
	* At pre-established interval, receiver will send sender how much 
data is transferred.if the transport connection is lost, still virtual 
connection exist.
	* Once session layer receives new transport connection, it resumes sending 
data from where it earlier stopped.
	* Here opening, controlling and closing sessions done by transport layer.

	4. Transport Layer
It transfer data and provides end to end connection between host.

Connection can be reliable(connection) or unreliable(connectionless).
	
With the help from the netowork layer, it packages, addresses and sends data 
which it received form seesion layer, example: TCP or UDP.

	5. Network Layer
It routes, frame, re-assemble packets of data.

Its main purpose to address packets so that each packet will find its way through
inter-network of bridges and router. Example: IP

	6. Data Link Layer
it is network driver, it controls network card.

it manages competitive request as 2 or more network layer uses single network card.

here physical addressing of n/w connection takes place.

it consist of most commonly used n/w device example: switch
		
		*** Consist of two sublayers
	1. MAC (Media access control) sublayer: it provides device n/w interaction.
	2. LLC (Logical Link Control) sublayer: it provides multiplexing and adressing.
	
	Multiplexing -> is when it allows multiple n/w protocol to co-exist
on multiple point network and be transported over same n/w medium.
		Example: MAC Source and Destination addresses, ethernet frame.

	7. Physical Layer
It is a network card. Anything not in the cyber world. Network Cables count in the Physical Layer.

