				Real World Example
Lets consider if someone need to order some food say by calling a particular
restauant and placing an order.

1st -> Application Layer:
	Consider here, customer using phone here instread of using the internet 
to order food is a simlar task.
	Protocol associated: HTTP, HTTPS, Telnet, FTP, SSH, SMTP, POP3 etc.

2nd -> Presentation Layer:
	Command received from application layer is coverted to universal 
well known network format.
	Syncing to example, Customer need to communicate with food delivery 
person in common language which both parties know.
	Protocol associated: JPEG, TIFF, GIF, HTML, ASCII etc.

3rd -> Session Layer:
	In order to transfer packet to destination, this layer should open,
control and close session between end user application processes.
	Syncing with example, Customer should make a call to deliver person and 
he should receive a call so that communication takes place of order details.
	Protocol associated: RPC SQL NFS, X Windows

4th -> Transport Layer:
	It not only ensures how data gets to be transmitted but also provides 
fireWall Security and validation.
	It provides quality control ; suspicious packets will not be allowed
to transfer to through the firewall.
	So Syncing with example, suspiciopus food wont be allowed to be delivered.
		It consists of 2 types
			TCP: Connection Oriented
	Reliable, if some packets are lost than resending takes place.
	Examples: HTTP, FTP, SMTP
			UDP: Connectionless Oriented
	Un-reliable wherein if packets are lost and they will not be resending
the data to the client. It also avoids distraction in live commmunication.
	Example: Live Multiplayer Gameing.

5th -> Network Layer:
	It provides best path to route packets.
	Here, routing, fragmentation and reassembling of packets take place.
	Syncing with Example: Delivery person using google map to find the 
shorest path to get to custmer.
				3 Steps:
Logical Addressing: These are virtual addresses which will take packets to 
route through n/w reach destination using IPv4 or IPv6 protocol.

Data Encapsulation: Here Router will encapsulate data with the 
header, source and destination addresses.

Fragmentation & Reassembling: 
	Here if the data is too long than it is defragmented (from differnet 
location. Non-contiguous location) into sizeable chunk to be transmitted.
	Protocol Used: 
Routing information protocol(RIP), Open shorest path first (OSPF)

6th Data Link Layer:
	It ensures that data transmitted is without error.
	
	It consist 2 layers 
		Logical Link Control (LLC)  
		Media access control (MAC)
	Which will provide successful transmission.
	
	Here mac physical address will define destination address for packets
to reach.
	Syncing with Example: 
Destinaion Physical address should be known to reach food to customer
	Protocol Used: 
		Ethernet, point to point protocol

7th Physical Layer:
	Network components; network card, cables.
Here is where he custumor waits for the food.
